you can join damage to
www.justconnect.eu all the link is in
the description and those handles cannot
the code heart
everything in capital letters the use of 5%
discount
jim henson order after a very early
farmer's son from our me half an hour
awake and it is half past seven
but anyway welcome this is multilight it
in that vision an earth where you have a lot
comments about what I should and should not do
do was a semi popular bowl and
I said per profit
10 cable possible to pick it up
nice idea nice idea doesn't really fit
where dc common pitfall is something of a
million or so and that maria is even more expensive
then none of gay out of the market and
then look I have promised and guaranteed
that from September 9 the day on the
demon to no more than fifa 14 I upload
think a viavia
so one maybe two things needed
maybe has two episodes then
I do not want all the time in the off
the bare simply because it is quite
time and I look forward to it now
you realize nothing special with it
how much time it takes when you consider that
I have the 2nd year student
this moment it is also difficult
record
i need to be able to edit the comma
safe taste projects cooperate
but for other cities it must
this work is enough it is great
to drum it's real it's a dream
as goes now but i yes i have it is
not easy to do too
I have other things I'm still point
not i'm going video anyway
but I just feel parts of you
throw your sir case back to bare
it ends as of today
maybe that nice news is now i want
again ever do this at the
is a lot of things off from time that
the i had to show a few cues that did
one you believe
don't try done and i thought well look
it's also how because I say that very often
I greatly appreciate what you normally do
is doing
and say rent my channel enormously
the recent times are what you support
must do is like this video and
have subscribed to my channel and it
is useful if you leave comment
live you think you should win me
do not know I would be fine to
taken harmful and I had given
just a moment
i think i'm going for friday morning or
Friday morning I will go to the comments
look and I will say ok you will find you
then in so Friday was tomorrow and then
you know what i watched on saturday morning
So basically you have to
Friday evening
10 12 o'clock we could have a place and
like this video
and then you look okay you deserve
to win a million minutes popped up
consult keep you can play the pc
you can play the xbox on the playstation
next generation consoles makes it
all not out in case you
that has to think what just has to do is
leave a like behind you subscribe that
haven't done it yet and you just leave
a comment with ok i would
for example, want to win or for that and
that reason I am not really going to succeed
the plus the reason win
because that is a subjective something
stepping things that I think is the best
just a nice comment captivates me
actually no more commitment and yawning
just watch what you say
but what you could it is
I just go through school a bit
I think ok yes very nice I did
all so do not look at me three
select before I know you because it
its all over is that will i go
so do so if you want to join that
now know the conditions
so the lookin are in the description
for just bank the social media links
there they are just the rules
to be mentioned
I managed to enjoy a red hour night
it I do not know of show players wanted
See I have a lot of selection
just met at labor pina there am
I on the list had my I found it
great to do
I thought it was really really stabbing
recently but he mainly leaves one
like on watchmen that didn't do that
subscribe to me and according to social media
those links then indeed in the
Description
and I'll see you bye later